hello freak bitches iíve used it a son I
found myself visiting from time to time
just for the fuck of it hangs you feel
good Oh hangover you feel like a vampire
yeah yeah that's what vampires look like
right they look at their hungover like
when the Sun comes out yeah
they do they look fucking what a weird
idea is that sometimes you can have
vampires that follow all the vampire
rules until real recently people got so
fucking arrogant they were like well no
no now vampires are actually your friend
and they only eat deer and they don't
burn when it's sunny out they just
glisten they don't want to be glistening
they sparkle Joe they don't glistening
sparkle vampires all of a sudden became
cool and you could fuck them oh yeah
dude well that's Anne Rice's fault right
and right oh my god the fucking
interview of the vampire well no I don't
think so man because even before
interview with the vampire Dracula was
very sexual the Dracula was hypnotic
yeah he was very sexual and like a lot
of the older movies you know there was a
fume the Gary Oldman what came first
Gary Oldman or Anne Rice probably Anne
Rice right I played Gary Oldman Dracula
I think Anne Rice much positive oh well
know the fucking old Dracula I think the
the Brahms Stoker Dracula
Julia oh that was a long he had some
tramps in the castle didn't he had like
there was a room you went into and there
are all these female vampires really and
hot it's not a car
yeah in lightful they were seductive and
they would like you know powerful
Dracula that's the good point yeah where
everyone's hating on Dracula it's got
these hot bitches that want to suck
blood they're ready to throw that off
that's so it just gets that poem he
never boned him in front anybody though
is just I guess once you start drinking
people's blood that's like way cool with
him going chicks just completely give up
on Bonin I mean in the world of vampires
it's that is boning the best Dracula
though of all time unquestionably it was
Gary Oldman
did you see that one Bram Stoker so it's
so good that Keanu Reeves can't fuck it
up I gotta like I don't know because I
haven't seen it but I'll tell you my
favorite fucking vampire by the way I do
like Keanu Reeves it's just as cheap
joke I like yours I miss the joke I love
you can't I won't God
even pay attention my joke you just
waiting to say what you gotta say I'll
tell you why no no here's where my mind
started wandering is you said the
greatest vampire and then I thought no
no the greatest vampire of all time the
spookiest vampire of all time is fuckin
nos farhat - oh the original yeah yeah
fuck that thing well also that was like
really original I mean and think about
that guy did that it was like wow this
is a silent movie no man that thing was
a scary son-of-a-bitch what that was
like that's what a vampire's like the
long fingers yeah kind of Goblin creepy
thing yeah pops out of the shadows that
one sorry my my having do you mind no I
love it
oh you two really yeah man not fair not
to ya man that guy's fuckin scary but
you know the Salem's Lot vampires are
pretty fucking spooky too
19:22 brother 1922 and I'm looking at
the images of it right now
oh my god it's it's it's fucking
incredible yeah who's legitimately
frightening legitimately frightening and
it was in the fucking early 1900s dude
read a ball then they find fucking
coffins stilted you know they found
coffins out there are people of hammered
stakes into this oh yeah well there's
probably I'm sure people that were
fucking assholes and they just wanted to
make sure that really never came back
but this motherfucker was creepy you're
right man you know he might be the
scariest one ever yes actually when you
consider was 90 fucking years ago
yeah man that was fucking spook well I
mean I was based on the real thing
whatever was warning around out in the
fucking woods of Germany that's what was
out there
oh what a crazy people remember uh it
was it was based on a real man oh my god
look this fucking photo of it dude it's
a really good goddamn image but they're
really fucking scary looking yeah that's
a scary vampire 19:22 because if you go
watch like King Kong King Kong's not
really scary that's a little from like
the 30s no not scary at all I'm not
scary
King Khan can not fuck with no answer
no no not I mean I guess if I had to
pick who I wanted to run from it's gonna
be a fucking nos Ferrari though but
where'd is it that they just hijacked
the whole vampire thing
vampires used to be the worst shit that
could ever happen to you and now he's a
hunky guy well I'll tell you why they
fuckin did that shit bro let me in it
yeah you guys start the teenagers it's
women man a lot of women what people
that want they want romance that the the
thing about the Twilight books all right
so I've been told by mrs. Rogan is that
the the very romantic unrealistically
romantic because he's a vampire and it's
like he's got a little power and
everything like that it's like he like
is giving it all up just to be with her
you know the man yeah and it's this
weird sort of like he needs her so much
and women love that shit
it's just a natural sort of a thing for
them so like when you see like women
that would be waiting in line to go to
those movies digit it just hits a chord
that we don't we don't have we don't
know that court but the chick who wrote
that shit knows that chord so she nailed
it you're talking about the Courtney
Love
I'm talking about the quart of affection
and admiration like I think all women
want to be you know didn't want to be
worshipped you know they think that
that's like the most romantic thing for
a guy who would do anything for you so
he would do anything for that girl in in
those books he would do anything for her
I mean he he didn't even want to bite
her he wanted to you know he wanted to
protect her from everybody he's in love
with her
meanwhile he was like a thousand years
old that she's in high school like it's
really fucking creepy if you stop and
think about it he's a thousand years
older whatever the fuck it is she's in
high school man you're fucking crazy the
conversations are you having with her
Jesus Christ I mean it'd be hard enough
if you were 30 if you were 30 and you're
dating a girl in high school you be like
I gotta kill myself I can't take it I
can't talk to her she's fucking she's
also let's talk about his Instagram
creeper he's a total creeper she could
be his great great it's not like he just
was frozen for all those years like
Captain America
No this asshole has been alive the whole
time and opportunities in high school it
might be one of the dumbest ideas ever
it's not fair he's got magical powers he
can flies flying a fucking high school
kid through the trees Jesus Christ did
they fuck yes eventually
yeah later spoiler spoiler yes allegedly
how about that I don't know is it
already happened might have already
happened
I only saw like two of them I think
there's been three think you put it in
our asshole
I think vampires allowed to do that it's
a sin even for vampires
hey baby vampires oh no no no female
vampire girl cut the shape just stop it
they don't even shit anymore so it
probably dries up nice shit blood they
probably barely you know you probably
get the exact amount you need you don't
know that I would imagine you would get
the exact amount you need no man a
vampire's ass hole is swollen and broken
a scene where you walk down into a New
York City Subway and you saw some
crazy-looking vampire dude you're
shitting blood just blood squirting out
of his ass
chunky cottage cheese blood that's what
a vampire looks like Tunnel subway
tunnel just shitting blood looking at
you and thinking about sucking your
blood next it's weird that they're like
that's that's as far as they go like
vampires suck your blood that's the
worst thing they do but there's never
been like a supernatural creature that
won't bit like mouth fucks you you know
what I mean somebody talks about as
ridiculous as it is I think we actually
did talk about this before it must be on
my fucking - there's no silly fucking
bat or some creepy for apes people that
was mouth raping dudes I don't use that
word but they're a fucking horrifying
horrifying being it doesn't have to be a
vampire could just be some bug some
insect or something that came out of the
earth and that's how it does it it just
fucking it's her it lives off of the it
lives off of like people gagging hey
that's it absorbs the energy people
crazy
gaggy its power yeah the trick the
twitching of your body when you're
trying to throw up yeah it's a gag by
your pipe is clogged by a fat cock
you're trying to throw up and he's just
holding the back your head with scaly
paw that's what they came to do they
just came to get head they have like
really tough dicks like you really
cannot even pierce the skin you could
bite it as hard as you want it doesn't
matter when aliens face fuck you they
just it just goes in you accept it and
it just fucks your throat well and you
try to throw up but it can't get past
the fat alien cock that's stretching
your insides out pumping oxygen in it by
the way it's keeping you a lot of your I
think why you suck at scar it changes
your whole it blows your lungs out and
actually eats them and converts it to a
type of glue that keeps the cock
attached to your body to keep you alive
because now you no longer have lungs you
get all your oxygen through his cock oh
my god could you imagine that'd be the
work and it's some people would say you
know I don't care I love aliens anyway
they're still off they're teaching us
listen it for him might be really
awesome maybe he loves the fact that
he's getting the oxygen to that cock you
stay alive your body withers away can't
really move your arms are flailing you
like impaled you just look like a
skeleton with a fucking dildo in its
mouth and every year just goes deeper in
your body keeps it keeps growing
eventually it turns into you you just
turn it like a cactus like cactus dick
thing yeah you look at Hsu kabob shish
kebab dick kebab every year the the the
the dick slowly grows inside your body
and starts cracking open organs and
pushing ribs to this side popping them
and snapping them as it eventually goes
through your body but it does it so
slowly that you never actually die
especially since the the dick is
providing with oxygen but then when it
gets to the head to the end the dick
pops out of your asshole and you deflate
like a balloon and then that sound is
not that sound is known as fum ping like
it's like the sound of
man's final thumb there's no worth sound
it's like a multi
[Applause]
[Music]